I didn't expect it to be you.
You lied to me before that you were the president of the vice city
What happened?
You're just a little assistant
He won't know until he goes to the toilet
Do you think you can still stay here?
You don't have to scare him.
My mom knows about this
If Miss Shi is okay
Go slowly
Take your stuff away
I don't, I don't eat it anymore, eat it
president
You asked me to investigate that for you. There's news
So what exactly is that bottle of medicine for?
Is to treat mental illness
So Miss Shu, I'll go home first, President
No, it looks arrogant and domineering
I started
So it's really what we guessed?
This is too coincidental
My mom is really your dad's ex-girlfriend
And even more coincidentally, you forgot